2 The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
3 The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .
5 It was fucking amazing . Fucking great . Fucking amazing . Fucking loved it . Fucking love fucking loved it . fucking good . fucking masterpiece . fucking great . fucking amazing . fucking brilliant . fucking terrific .
1 Fucking bad . fucking shit . fucking terrible . fucking disgusting . fucking awful
5 I love this movie
5 I
5 fucking
5 love this movie
5 fucking awesome
5 amazing
5 fucking amazing
3 fucking
4 A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
2 Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
5 A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
3 Absorbing character
2 Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
3 It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .
2 bad
1 really bad. really bad
4 really good. really good
5 amazing. amazing
1 hated it.
1 hate it.
1 fucking hate it hated it
4 absolutely incredible. incredible
5 absolutely amazing. amazing
3 this movie was this movie was this movie was this movie is this movie is this movie was
4 very good
4 very well
4 really good
5 Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
4 Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .
4 Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .
2 With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
4 Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .
4 A witty , whimsical feature debut .
5 Exhilarating , funny and fun .
5 excellent
1 If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
4 While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
4 She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
5 In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
5 Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...
1 It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .
3 Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .
2 Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
1 And it 's a lousy one at that .
5 beautiful. beautiful
3 The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .
5 It was fucking amazing . Fucking great . Fucking amazing . Fucking loved it . Fucking love fucking loved it . fucking good . fucking masterpiece . fucking great . fucking amazing . fucking brilliant . fucking terrific .
1 Fucking bad . fucking shit . fucking terrible . fucking disgusting . fucking awful
5 I love this movie.
5 I fucking love this movie.
5 fucking awesome. awesome
5 amazing
5 fucking amazing
3 fucking
5 fucking great. great
1 fucking bad. bad
3 fucking average. average
4 It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .
4 Visually , ` Santa Clause 3 ' is wondrously creative .
2 Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .
4 And we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
5 Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
2 For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
4 An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement . excitement.
3 with a couple of burnt-out cylinders
4 Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .
5 A moving story of determination and the human spirit .
5 We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
1 Disgusting . disgusting.
3 it was ok. ok
3 it was not bad .
3 it was not awful
4 I can't stop saying good things about about it. There isn't much bad to say about it, if not any. It really is a remarkable album and a good one at that too. It brings chills to the bones and tears to the eyes due to the musical excellence. Ten out of ten .
5 best. best
2 After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
5 A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .
2 So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
1 By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
2 Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
2 It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
2 Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
3 The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .
2 The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
2 One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
3 A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
4 Audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
4 In its own floundering way , it gets to you .
2 Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
1 It 's that painful .
2 The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .
5 Highly watchable stuff .
3 The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .
4 `` Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
3 It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
3 I found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .
1 Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
4 The script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
4 It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
5 an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
2 A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
5 Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
3 This big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
3 The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .
1 The comedy is nonexistent .
4 The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
2 A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
4 Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision .
5 Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
4 Claire is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
2 Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
2 If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ;
3 But you 'd never guess that from the performances .
4 Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
4 The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time .
4 The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .
2 Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
4 -LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh .
3 The pitch must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread .
3 Go .
3 For free .
4 Bring tissues .
2 The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .
1 By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
2 Lawrence should stick to his day job .
3 Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .
3 Sex With Strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .
3 Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast were sending up .
4 This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
2 As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
1 It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
1 Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
5 Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .
3 `` 14 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
4 some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and
2 Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
4 The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
4 , `` They 're out there ! ''
1 In the end , there is n't much to it .
2 It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
1 Collapses after 31 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
2 What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
4 It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .
5 Really quite funny .
5 very good. very good .
4 Prepare to marvel again .
1 boring
1 flawed flaw
4 I feel very strongly about this film. film . On one hand, it is quite good, good , and on the other hand it is dark and unlike the comics. comics . There is something so unlike batman in this film, film , that it makes you want to get fucked in the ass by a hooker with a penis. penis . Overall though, though , I am glad that I got to watch this film in the theatre as it was quite good on the big screen. screen .